Usage: stunclient [OPTIONS] server [port]
Perform a binding test with a remote STUN server and optionally perform a full behavior test

Parameters:
   "server" is the IP address or FQDN of the remote server to befrom the binding tests with. It is the only required paramter

   "port" is an optional paramter that can follow the server paramter.  The default is 3478 for UDP and TCP.


Available options:
   --localaddr = INTERFACE OR IPADDRESS
      The value for this option may the name of an interface (such as "eth0" or "lo").  Or it may be one of the available IP addresses assigned to a network interface present on the host (such as "128.23.45.67"). The interface chosen will be the preferred address for sending and receiving responses with the remote server.  The default is to let the system decide which address to send on and to listen on all addresses (INADDR_ANY).

   --localport=PORTNUM
      PORTNUM is a value between 1 to 65535.  This is the UDP or TCP port that the primary and alternate interfaces listen on as the primary port for binding requests.  If not specified, a randomly avaialbe port chosed by the system is used. 

   --mode=MODE
      Where MODE is either "basic" or "full".  "basic" mode is the default and indicates that the client should perform a STUN binding test only. "full" mode indicates that the client should attempt to diagnose NAT behavior and filtering methodologies if the server supports this mode. The NAT filtering test is only supported for UDP.

   --family=IPVERSION
      IPVERSION is either "4" or "6" to specify the usage of IPV4 or IPV6. If not specified, the default value is "4".

   --protocol=PROTO
      PROTO is either "udp" or "tcp".  "udp" is the default if this parameter is not specified

   --verbosity=LOGLEVEL
      Sets the verbosity of the logging level.  0 is the default (minimal output and logging).  1 shows slightly more.  2 and higher shows even more.

   --help
      Prints this help page

Examples:

stunclient stunserver.org 3478
    Performs a simple binding test request with the server listening at "stunserver.org" 

stunclient --mode full --localport 9999 12.34.56.78
    Performs a full set of UDP NAT behavior tests from local port 9999 to the server listening at IP Address 12.34.56.78 (port 3478)

stunclient --protocol tcp stun.selbie.com
    Performs a simple binding test using TCP to server listening on the default port of 3478 at stun.selbie.com



